greet us
Ali today
Aubrey
Saku we need a kilo
apricots
300 grams of sugar means I will show on
example of one jar
and then I will say how much it will turn out with
kilogram apricot jars half liter
jar we prepare jars
pre- sterilized caps too
how do i do it i have on the channel
I will give a reference green peas
canned there is
jar sterilization means apricots
need to wash very well and dry
so they were sugary mean
cut halves remove the bone yes
say flax need to fall asleep a jar
sugar now these apricots we will
fold
way down
in this way
again about spaceup allsoft.ru
cut down
so fill the jar on
at some stage it will be more convenient not to pour
Kuban sugar on apricot q like this
because sugar dry apricot is poured
ore down it stays
Here is such a jar turned out on top
we again sprinkle with sugar when filling
jars
you need to tamp it a little
slightly perform slightly higher than the hanger but
not until the end of the can
Now we cover with a lid and for 8 hours
leave the uterus here so insist
to let the apricots juice in this way
fill all the other banks that we
cooked apricots stood for 8 hours
let the juice and share
means in order to eliminate
shrink add a little apricot and
Sahara
it is in each jar come a little
on top of the song itself has ever come trailer
after we added apricots
after shrinking now need to put
cans for sterilization take the right
container line the bottom with a cloth or
some kind of pallet and install banks
so it turns out from kilogram to doom
half pipe and jars a little more
deals because i have to stabilize
it turns out on 5 cans we light well
fire don't forget water one habit we
covered by glass because any
metal order for plastic
pressurized cream
physical cover you have to play everything
we finish two thirds
sterilize 25 minutes to speed up
stabilization process
better of course to cover when
boils and after that 25 minutes
ready 25 minutes have passed
we get the bank and for the card and
roll up rolled banks set
not covered with lids and wrapped in a warm blanket
for 12 hours
apricots own juice ready pumpkin
it does not have the appearance of light amber
beautiful all the case in the bank form
Keep such a blank is very beautiful
I will say goodbye to you bye
Good luck to all new videos